- What I did?
I made a set of gears that interconnect with each other, and it can be an installation sculpture piece that could interact with
the audience. 

- How I did it?
Using two set of arduino connecting with two individual potentiometer and servo rotating two separate gears. So when the gear
rotate, it will slowly moving the interconnected gears. *The gears are all drawn by myself, and lazer cutted then assembled
together with dowlls. 

- What I learned along the way.
I first understand the importance of being well prepared on making the model itself. Becuase when I was making the prototype, 
many issues have occured, such as gears not fitting; the servo was not strong enough; which piece of gear fits better in what
position etc. These issues helped me be more prepared of making my final model so everything became easier at the end. Also, I
think doing a lot of research online was helpful also, because I would know what have other people done in the past, then I 
can learn and be inspired by them. 

- What I would do differently.
If I could redo the model, I would want to try using only one arduino instead of having two set of it. And I would also like to
try working with sensors and develop the interactive part of the model even more. 

- A description of the 5 most difficult problems you had and how you overcame
them 
1. At the beginning, the DC servo could only turn 180 degrees. But then was able to find continuous rotating servos which fit
the program better. 
2. Before, I was trying to control the servo with the rotary encoder, but didn't know how the code work and could not find the 
right tutorial online. And then decide to work with potentiometer and control the speed of the servo instead of let the gear
follow the motion of the rotary encoder. (Turned out to be a better result)
3. Trying to make the mechanic parts working was also a chanllenge, but then having the prototype as a practice was very
helpful.
4. Was trying to have only one arduino to control both servos, but didn't know how, so changed to two set of arduinos. 
5. The speed and the direction of the servo moving was also hard to adjust becuase once the rotation begin, it is very hard to 
tell the difference. 
